**Question:** Can social media predict stock performance? We want to know if tweets and reddit comments can be an accurate predictor of future stock market returns. 

**Datasets:** Using the twitter api we will scrape tweets that mention specific stock symbols. We will use the reddit api to scrape comments from specific investing related subreddits.

https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/tools-and-libraries 
Using the twitter api we will be able to search for tweets that contain specific stock symbols ($AAPL, $MSFT, etc). We will create a dataset of tweets by stock symbol and analyze the context of those tweets, frequency of tweets, and other aspects such as number of likes or retweets. 

https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ 
Using the reddit api we can search for comments in specific subreddits that are related to finance or investing. Once we compile a dataset of comments we will filter by stock symbol and analyze the context of the comments (sentiment, number of upvotes). 

**Importance:** Over the past decade, social media evolved into a hub of information where everyone shares and discusses about anything. We wanted to utilize the data generated by various social media to predict the stock market. Instead of using conventional financial measurements such as PER, S&P 500 index, etc, we wanted to explore the data generated by millions of conversations people create within these internet societies. We believe this project is important because it will allow us to gauge whether or not social media holds any predictive value within financial markets. If social media can help us predict stock returns then we could implement a profitable trading strategy that incorporates social media data and allows us to identify a trend. 

**Dataset Justification:**  We believe these two datasets may be able to capture valuable information about market sentiment in real-time and therefore could hold some predictive power. Twitter can also be a source of breaking news and information from twitter is often more up to date than other sources. Reddit comments should provide an accurate gauge of “retail” investor sentiment which we believe will correlate to future returns. If reddit comments are strongly positive or negative about a certain stock, we believe that may be able to predict future performance. 
